.TH "swd_ctx_t" 3 "Tue Mar 15 2011" "Version 0.0.1" "libswd" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
swd_ctx_t \- 
.PP
SWD Context Structure definition.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <libswd.h>\fP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBswd_cmd_t\fP * \fBcmdq\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICommand queue, stores all bus operations. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBswd_context_config_t\fP \fBconfig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITarget specific configuration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBswd_driver_t\fP * \fBdriver\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the interface driver structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBswd_swdp_t\fP \fBdp_read\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILast known read from the SW-DP registers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBswd_swdp_t\fP \fBdp_write\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILast known write to the SW-DP registers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBswd_ahbap_t\fP \fBap_read\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILast known read from AHB-AP registers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBswd_ahbap_t\fP \fBap_write\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILast known write ti the AHB-AP registers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBswd_transaction_t\fP \fBread\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBswd_transaction_t\fP \fBwrite\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBlog\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
SWD Context Structure definition. 

It stores all the information about the library, drivers and interface configuration, target status along with DAP/AHBAP data/instruction internal registers, and the command queue. Bus operations are stored on the command queue. There may be more than one context in use by a host software, each one for single interface-target pair. Most of the target operations made with libswd are required to pass \fBswd_ctx_t\fP pointer structure that also remembers last known state of the target's internal registers. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libswd from the source code.
